Friends here or concept is both O3,
any document set up on Windows Server to work with AWS services.
So from our previous videos,
we already installed required Python version and Buto three on our local server.
But you won't be able to use it, right?
No, because it doesn't know which enables a cone it should connect to,
to say, suppose if you want to manage any AWS,
RVs through you way more than you are logging into
your interface management console using browser by
providing your AWS account credentials.
Then, how about programmatic access when we want to
manage integrated services using our popular Python scripting language.
C, I want to manage my AW services using Python Bhutto, three skips.
Then how you are Python Bhutto that descriptive is connected to a database or cone.
So to connect with your Butler AWS account using Python Bhutto three scapes,
you need to configure
programmatic access keys of your Butler AWS account on your local server.
So here programmatic access keys are nothing but access key ID and secret access keys.
So these two keys you can get from your AWS management console.
We will see that.
And you can use either route or any IAM user
programmatic access keys to work with your AWS services using Python boat 2-3 skips,
but using root programmatic access keys is not a good practice.
That's why we will create some I am users.
And we'll use those IM uses
programmatic access keys to manage with the word AWS services.
Let's get programmatic access keys.
Let me open my AWS management console.
Let me logging into it.
First, let me show you how to get
programmatic access keys for your root user. I'm in root account.
Just click on your name.
Then go to my security credentials.
And if you have three year somewhere,
you are having access keys,
access key ID and secret access key.
Just click on that and create new access key.
Show access key, or download your phi c. Once if you close,
you can able to see only access key ID.
You cannot see you secret access key.
That's right, better download your file.
But here, as of now just directly,
I'm copying these two keys.
First I will copy. So this is for my root root account.
Then let me get some IAM user credentials,
programmatic access keys. C.
Once if you close that,
you're able to see only access KID.
Right? Fine. Now, let me go to users.
So if you want to go to users anywhere you are in IAM console only,
you can simply go to users and hear how
use you to dollar per user if you want to create any other IAM user,
just to go to Add User,
suppose I want to create one separate IAM user to work with S3 services.
So S3 dollar per. Then see here.
Access type.
So I want to do only programmatic access keys for these IMUs.
Or if you want to provide AWS management console, you can click here.
That's it.
Now simply I'm using programmatic access key for this user.
Next, permissions Attach existing policies that Italy.
So I want to do is three full permissions cleared the user.
See, while creating your user that Italy it is generating your access keys.
So if you want to use them, you can use it otherwise simply closing.
Now, I want to get these two I am users programmatic access keys.
First, let me select easy to double up.
So for easy $2 per click on that and go to security credentials.
And here, create access key C that it is creating.
So simply copy.
So for EC2 dollar per this is access key.
Let me get secret access key.
The same way.
We have one more I am using, right?
You can get any number of I am users based on your requirements.
S3 developer go do security credentials and create access keys.
So it's better to download your key files.
I mean, your keys.
Now this is for S3 dollar per Let me get secret access key also.
That's it.
Then close it.
So now if you want to work with any of your service,
go with the root access keys.
Because root is having access on each and every service.
But for easy to develop or I'm having only access on EC2 services for S3, only on S3.
Anyway, this is root account.
These two are the IAM users.
Now in your hierarchy,
how programmatic access keys for you or root account and some two IMUs are on these keys.
You have to configure on your local server.
Then how to configure them.
So you to configure your programmatic access keys on your local server.
You need to use AWS see like commands.
In order to use AWS CLI commands,
you have to install AWS CLI.
To install your AWS CLI,
simply use pip install AWS ELA If you are using Python to,
if you're using Python three,
simply use p53 install AWS CLI.
So let me open my command line.
So here I'm installing AWS CLI.
So once if you install your AWS CLI using your ETL UCLA,
you can configure your programmatic access keys on
your local server so that those programmatic access keys,
we can use them in our Python moto three scapes to work with your editor services.
Anyway it will install.
Meanwhile, let me go with next step.
So now you can configure your route or I am user access key and credentials.
Access keys on credentials using AWS configure hyphen,
hyphen profile, some profile name.
So this profile name,
you can directly do your IAM username or any required name.
It need not to be the same name of your IAM user or yahoo.com.
You can take any name here while configuring your credentials.
But it's bad to take
same IAM user while configuring so that we won't get any confuse anywhere.
See, if you are having different IAM users,
then it's better to use AWS configure hyphen hyphen profile.
So without providing hyphen hyphen profile also,
we can configure out credentials first,
let me show you how to configure credentials without providing
hyphen hyphen profile option C that it has been installed.
See If I run simply AWS configure this,
observe that it is asking a database access key ID C.
In my hand, I held three or cones.
I mean one account root accountant to IAM user, programmatic access keys.
Suppose if I provide access key for root and secret access key for rupa cone.
And it is also asking default region name.
So I am providing US East one as my default region name.
So in case while writing your Python Bhutto that escapes if you don't provide
any region name by default you are moto three will consider region as this one.
And default output format I am giving Jason.
That's a C. Once if you run AWS configure,
you are configuring your programmatic access keys on your host.
Now, once if you do these on our user home,
there is a directory called.
The directory will be created called dot AWS.
Now see that, sorry,
it is windows, right?
There are two files, Config and credentials.
Now what I will do is see that config in the coffee,
it is starting with the name called default region as US East one,
an output as JSON.
And let me show you even credentials also. See that.
Suppose if I want to configure to IAM user credentials,
then if you go with simply a database configured,
then that is not a good practice because it is override your credentials for I am users.
You first let me remove the existing configuration files.
So simply go to your particular user.
And dot AWS, just I am removing them.
Yeah, I'm VR in this. Just come out.
Yeah, it has been deleted.
See that? Now there is no dot AWS directly.
Now I am configuring programmatic access keys for root and 2m users.
So whenever if you're configuring multiple users programmatic access keys,
this is the best practice.
Aws configure hyphen, hyphen profile.
See first a profile I am taking as root.
You can take root name itself or you can take some x wagered,
No Barolo, just to avoid confusion,
we are taking same names, that's it.
And for route, we have access key and secret access key.
Default Asian name. You can provide any region name even if you don't provide no problem.
And default output format is JSON.
If you provide decide is good, that's it.
No, let me configure for easy $2 per IMUs and
also simply I can take even easy to nola PR.
Now 40 were easy to dollar per we're
having programmatic access key and secret access key.
Then I'm taking US East one as the default region.
That's it.
Now let me take a $3 per No,
let me get access key ID.
And secret x's key.
Again, borrowed any default region name,
that is URL, that's it.
Now once it is done,
just to see that under user who see on windows,
you can see user whom by typing simply Echo Park.
So already we are on that path only.
See that somewhere dot AWS directory is there.
So let me navigate into that.
So here we have two files called config and credentials,
right? Let me open it.
See now, previously there is no profile.
I mean, whenever if you ran AWS configured simply without any profile,
simply it was created with the default.
But now we have clarity.
These two information.
Default values for these root profile and these
241 EC2 dollar per user as $3 per user, the assembly.
You can see credentials as we'll see that the root, these are the keys.
See $2 per, These are the keys as $3 per, These are the keys.
That's it.
So why implementing our Python Botha escapes simply.
We will select any one of the profile name so that you are B23 scripts.
We work by using that Butler aim access.
That's it.
So the here's the simple way to configure your credentials on your local server.
So simply boat O3,
any armen setup one Windows Server.
Now we will see in later videos how to implement
Python Bluetooth rescales by using these profiles. Okay, thank you.